DOC-56 Import Technology Providers Playbook (#110)
Ed-Fi-Alliance-OSS/ed-fi-alliance-oss.github.io: docs/getting-started/provider-playbook/technology-providers-support/community-and-governance.md

# Community and Governance

Ed-Fi's technology and standards evolve out of a community experience of making data exchange work. It is important that those involved in projects surface the very real issues that will occur. It is also nice to hear when things are going well - it encourages others and helps make sure that the community does not stop doing those things that are working.

Below are some links to important community resources for technology providers new to the community:

* [Access Request Form](https://www.ed-fi.org/access-form/) - provides a an single-sign on account use for most core Ed-Fi online resources
* [Slack for the Ed-Fi Community](https://ed-fi-alliance.slack.com) - the community messaging platform, a place to ask questions and seek advice

> * [Ed-Fi Tracker](https://tracker.ed-fi.org) - a ticketing system for technical bug reports, suggestions or issues

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* [Ed-Fi Community Hub](https://community.ed-fi.org) - a ticketing system for technical bug reports, suggestions or issues
```

Author: updated.

> * [Ed-Fi Tech Docs](https://edfi.atlassian.net) - technical documentation arranged by component or product

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* [Ed-Fi Documentation](https://docs.ed-fi.org) - technical and non-technical documentation arranged by component or product
```

Author: updated.
